I am good to meetcha meetcha be good to
have you here you know thank you
remember when you got married it was
like the biggest thing I was like oh my
goodness pretty cool yeah well yeah for
you for sure we were younger and that
was 19 years ago yesterday you
celebrated you're 19 what do you get
your wife what do you get a Catherine
zeta-jones for our 19th you know what
you know we'll give this 19 you know
what are you looked it up you looked it
up you are just a boy now what is it
it's bronze oh that's good I should have
I could have made a sculpture of myself
oh yeah all right yeah no I really get
each other much we we bought each other
half our membership to a new Golf Club
oh really yeah his head all right looks
like the golf mm-hmm only one of us
could be the name on the membership oh
is that right so I thought it'd be only
fair for me like Kathryn being the
member ah
and so you are her plus-one I'm her plus
one your dad boasted some it get sent
you something very sweet that Kathryn
posted you sent you a letter which is
nice dear Michael and Kathryn happy
anniversary
Michael you learned a very important
lesson to stay married you must obey
your wife keep practicing what I do in
my wife
yeah he's that true though he's pretty
good at it they nature son right there
buried 65 years 65 years he's 103 now
years 103 in two weeks
to week December yet so who do you do
for that for a hundred and three
so we got a hundred okay see 100 big big
birthday yeah big birthday trouble is
when you're 100 you don't really want a
big birthday right everybody else is
what the birthday so I I got threw a big
party for Miss great 101 you know okay
well is have a nice party begins his
side I know dad 101 years old yeah
birthday
okay okay I'm a birthday hundred two
he's begging he's got tears down my eyes
this just have dinner there won't be a
surprise party no surprise party the
difficult and awkward part of it is that
my stepmother Ann who has been probably
lying she's French been lying about her
age all her life you thought you're
gonna be a hundred no no no you don't
say that oh we're gonna be a hundred
this last year no no no don't you how do
you dare you say that to me I said I
said and I said and it doesn't exist
anymore Wikipedia you looked it up and
you see exactly how old
yes everybody knows you know you're the
only one who's pretending you're tenures
you that is probably a good thing to be
a hundred years old and still lying
about your age exactly he's pretty good
to be a hundred years old the son of a
husband
[Laughter]
[Applause]
is it true that you revealed there would
be a sequel to a man a man 3 are you go
for Marvel with us prepare to reveal I I
got just as I said it the blowgun the
back of the neck doe came in like out of
nowhere did they tell you beforehand
told me you know I didn't really I
forget you know I don't my father's 102
so ya know they were now they politely I
mean you didn't come at me you know like
Kirkland yeah
yeah but they you know they they they
where I said yeah no you're not supposed
to tell me but oh there's gonna be an ad
man
so then January 2021 shooting because
many of the actors who come are fearful
about revealing this stuff but really
what are they gonna do I will make you
do realize what a babe remove you from
the change of car you know yeah art goes
or the blow gun in the back yeah right
right that's a big one if you want to
reveal who the villain is or is gonna
get right script I don't know I
shouldn't say that maybe a Benelli maybe
they have written astrub maybe story you
ain't know about it yeah battery dad for
one second of your mind but this is you
at how old are you I think I'm about to
five six and that's teaching you how to
shake he had electric razor then my god
a lecture razors back there's a bunch of
great I just got a quarter looks like
you yeah it looks like it was yes and
said an iPod iPad you're looking into
that's a magnified mirror and your dad
he's got that such a spectacular cleft
in his chin guy shaving has gotta be a
little bit more complicated that's
special your light special here within
these four nostrils
yeah it just uses that right sidekick
and in orders interesting because you
this you posted this and then you posted
this photograph of you and your son
together
also having an intimate father my wife
and where were you visiting neighbors or
what we have troubles with this one
neighbor a lot of asparagus for lunch
anyway when we come back we're gonna see
a clip from the new Netflix show green
eggs and ham Michael Douglas is with us
[Applause]
both of us know I will not eat them in a
car okay that is an oddly specific
stance to take on the matter that is
Michael Douglas in green eggs and ham
which is a new TV series on Netflix new
TV series which could be perfect for
your new little kids we're big into dr.
Seuss but I don't well green eggs and
ham is one when we're going through the
books on the Shelf at night I'll skip
right by I am Sam I'd am I am and it's
the same thing over again yes I will not
know I noticed that when I was sitting
there hour after hour how many episodes
are there's about 13 to 13 or 14 and
over did two seasons oh the second
season old are you
[Laughter]
I like to meet the cast of their doing
you do the voice you do it all by
yourself you know then you hear it
afterwards they put it all together oh
she's good
I'm sure that you've not done an
animated project I did one tiny thing
but this was my year I've been doing
this for 50 years now but in the biz 50
years I didn't believe it myself okay
thank you so I looked at different
things to do and I had never done a CGI
movie that was worthy Marvel Dam and
everything was computer pictures where
everything's make-believe wanted to do
that never read in any comedy so that
was a Comiskey method oh and then it
which is very funny about thank you
thank you and then and then this I never
get an animated thing and then finally
my son's got a book got no called a long
way home which I've been supporting him
on that oh nice you started wrote the
book oh very good yeah yeah this is not
the son you were urinating next is your
mouth one would better manners are there
other things like on that list that you
you because you were saying with the
comedy and the CGI the voice the voice
oh reminds me of anime would fifty years
ago I did a television series I started
called the streets of San Francisco
[Applause]
three you weren't even imagination and
and the first award that I ever got
after doing this show is a show in in
Germany because the show was syndicated
around the world that I go to Germany
for that this awards show and they
announced my name I go up with the award
I'm saying thank you all thank you very
much I'm seeking of a rustling in the
audience I know buses us but this is I
thought what what's going on what's
happening it turns out in Germany my
dubbed voice is this fantastic deep
vasopressin of us is this great voice
and I got this little wanky voice coming
out of me dissonant so this is where I
learned my first thing about your voices
right uh-huh and so you may have like
Annie's Netflix shows your translate
into 50 countries you have 40 40
different voices you know everywhere you
go right so I made a thing out of it now
that whenever I go overseas we're
promoting a show I take my voice to
lunch and I need the voice actor the
actor because I realize how important it
is advice draftsman is advice actors you
up in America you go we're meet your
foreign voice that could be a the reason
why you're doing so so each thing each
project you do you in like say Italy for
instance you'll have the same guy unless
he's dead doing your voice on the bills
and available is have a mission that
gonna Luigi's Luigi or he died okay
losing your voice give me another voice
wow that's
[Applause]
yeah have you met a lot of these guys I
met a lot of I'm sure I count on them I
mean now look our business now 60% of
our business is foreign so you know I
don't speak those languages you do other
people do this I mean I know okay I
don't give me a tip I'm telling
anybody's out there actor soliciting be
nice and those foreign tours and see who
you're who your voices do you or God
does your guy do other actors oh yeah
yeah yeah that's weird isn't it it is a
little weird especially when you find
out which ones they are
yeah yeah a little uncomfortable about
yeah we could do anything we could do
anything that's true yeah a lot of them
are very established actors in their own
countries huh this is how they make you
extra money do you know of any I don't
know that we have their or their
American actors that are well-known who
do the voice for like an actor from
Mexico or something like that no no we
don't we don't we don't we don't travel
far we we say we stay away very much
here I mean look at all the English
actors that come over here make you
perfect American accent mm-hmm yes
that's true I know we've got to get rid
of them yeah they're taking our jobs
sector except for Meryl Merrill's about
the only one Meryl Streep is the only
one to go remember that Margaret
Thatcher was so wonderful yeah well yeah
sure yeah but that's you know that's a
whole give you accents oh yeah I wonder
so I do a lot of wonderful accents dude
I'll give you a Matthew I think that is
an accident more than an accent well
yeah are you two still together or
what's that strawberry lip Joe I'm so
sorry Michael Douglas everybody green
engineer
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape